California Mussel: A large edible mussel, a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Mytilidae. This species is native to the west coast of North America, occurring from northern Mexico to the Aleutian Islands of Alaska.
Common Cockle: Cerastoderma edule, commonly known as the common cockle, is a species of edible saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Cardiidae, the cockles.
This species is found in coastal areas of the eastern Atlantic Ocean.
Giant Clam: The giant clam (Tridacna gigas), known as pā’ua in Cook Islands Māori, is a clam that is the largest living bivalve mollusk. T. gigas is one of the most endangered clam species. Antonio Pigafetta documented these in his journal as early as 1521.
Geoduck: A species of very large, edible, saltwater clam in the family Hiatellidae. The geoduck is native to the west coast of North America. The geoduck is both one of the largest clams in the world, and one of the longest-lived animals of any type.
Pearl Oyster: Pinctada is a genus of saltwater clams, marine bivalve molluscs in the family Pteriidae, the pearl oysters. These oysters have a strong inner shell layer composed of nacre, also known as "mother of pearl". Pearl oysters are not closely related to either the edible oysters of family.
Pacific Razor Clam: The Pacific razor clam, Siliqua patula, is a species of large edible marine bivalve mollusc in the family Pharidae. Pacific razor clams are highly desirable and edible, collected both commercially and by recreational harvesters. Razor clams, like other shellfish, may sometimes accumulate dangerous levels of domoic acid, a marine toxin.
Quahog: The hard clam (Mercenaria mercenaria), also known as a quahog (or quahaug), round clam, or hard-shell (or hard-shelled) clam, is an edible marine bivalve mollusk that is native to the eastern shores of North America and Central America.
Yessoi Scallop: Patinopecten yessoensis (Yesso scallop, Giant Ezo scallop, Ezo giant scallop) is a species of scallop. Its name Yesso/Ezo refers to its being found north of Japan. Its tissues bioaccumulate algal yessotoxins, which are studied extensively.
Zebra Mussel: The zebra mussel (Dreissena polymorpha) is a small freshwater mussel. This species was originally native to the lakes of southern Russia. However, the zebra mussel has been accidentally introduced to numerous other areas, and has become an invasive species in many different countries worldwide.

Source: Wikipedia, The Free Encyclopedia
